as the war in Gaza has escalated
activists globally have gone
digital how many people lost their jobs
leaving many to discover that demanding
a ceasefire can get them fired she was
cancelled because of what's happening
just because of her Palestinian Michael
E the former editor and chief of E
Magazine was removed from his role for
sharing a satirical article criticizing
Israel in the UK the labor party
suspended MP Andy McDonald for a speech
he made at a protest voicing solidarity
with
Palestinians and in the US David
velasco's 18-year career at Art Forum
six's editor-in Chief were abruptly
halted after he published this a call
for a ceasefire and accountability that
was signed by around 8,000 artists and
some signatories say they've been
bullied and harassed by art collectors
it's a chilling effect you know I think
that this is uh I mean this is horrible
for it's horrible for so many people
people artists among them but I mean
first and foremost of course this is
horrible for the people who are actually
suffering from the violence uh of the
Israeli attacks on Gaza that's the the
basic uh tenenet of of making our right
you can have a voice um if you if you
don't have that then what do you have
art Forum didn't immediately response to
a request for comment prominent Jewish
artist Nan golden told the US newspaper
the New York Times that she has never
lived through a more chilling period the
us-based advocacy organization Palestine
legal said in the first two weeks of War
it responded to more than 260 cases of
people's careers being threatened it's
difficult um for the law to address
these kinds of firings because there
really are two competing interests here
um companies do have you an
associational right to choose who they
have in their company and if they want
to have everybody with one political
point of view you know theoretically
that's their right they're not going to
be a very successful company in terms of
recruiting people but they can do that
rights groups monitoring the firings
point out the double standards towards
people exercising Free Speech fire with
the biggest Crackdown leveled against
those opposing the war stoping hospitals
lauran
alera make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler